docs: prepare for 3.0.0rc1 (#5679)
pybind/pybind11: docs/changelog.md

Changes will be added here periodically from the "Suggested changelog
entry" block in pull request descriptions.

## 3.0.0 RC 1 (May 21, 2025)

Since this is a large release, we are providing a release candidate to give
projects time to test! We also now provide
[SPEC 4](https://scientific-python.org/specs/spec-0004/) nightly wheels.

Pybind11 3.0 includes an ABI bump, the first required bump in many years

> (except on Windows). This release contains the smart-holder branch, multi-phase

Reviewer: on Linux (Windows was already affected more recently)

Author: ```suggestion
on Unix (Windows has had required bumps more often). This release contains the smart-holder branch, multi-phase
```

init and subinterpreter support, `py::native_enum`, an interface to warnings,
typing improvements, and more. CMake now defaults to FindPython mode. Please
check our upgrade guide for more info on upgrading!

Support for Python 3.14, 3.14t, GraalPy, and PyPy 3.11 has been added, while
legacy support for Python 3.7, PyPy 3.8/3.9, and CMake \<3.15 has been removed.
Most deprecated features have been kept for this release, but anything
producing a warning in 3.0 may be removed in a future 3.x version. We also now
have a deprecation page.

New Features:

> - The `smart_holder` branch has been merged, enabling

Reviewer: Maybe keep the underscore? Because that was the actual branch name.

Author: Meaning keep the change?

Reviewer: Oops, yes, sorry I was going too fast last night.
